"Follow the manufacturers service schedule, it?s important to get all the maintenance work done right and on schedule. Failing to follow this one tip could result in a breakdown, leaving you stranded, or worse."
"Check your tires, and keep them inflated.Under-inflated tires will result in a few different problems. Your tires will wear down quicker, and you?ll get poor gas mileage. Whenever you?re inflating your tires, also be sure to never exceed the manufacters PSI specifications stated on the vehicles door jam."
"Check the fluids, and change them on schedule. Oil and coolant are two fluids to check regularly, and change according to your manufacturer?s specifications. Remember fluids are a lot less expensive than an engine rebuild."
rotate your tires every 6 months or approximatly 7000 miles.
On vehicles with red transmission fluid check the color with a clean white paper towel to get an accurate representation of the fluid color.
A piece of pipe can be added to a breaker bar to increase your available leverage.
when trying to remove extremely stuck or rusted bolts you can use a propane torch to remove the oxidized layer of rust on the metal you are working on.
If the head on the bolt you are trying to remove has rounded off and there is not enough space for vise grips you can weld on a nut to allow for the continued use of a wrench.
"when diagnosing a car problem always go from the simplest solution to hardest, what you may believe could be a failed fuel pump could actually just be a blown fuel pump fuse."
Batteries should be replaced every three to five years
A dirty or old air filter can be  the cause of decreased fuel economy in your vehicle.
Make sure to gap your spark plugs to the recommended manufacture specification before installing them in your engine. 
The temperature of your spark plug can be identified by seeing how much deeper or shallower the threads of the plug go into the cylinder than a standard plug. A hot spark plug goes further into the cylinder and a colder plug stays recessed into the cylinder walls.
"Spark plug wires are checked using an Multimeter to measure resistance(Ohms), if any of the wires exceed the manufacture recommended resistance limit the wires should be replaced."
If your vehicle has tires with different tread depth/ wear the deeper treads should be used in the front to ensure that your steering tires never lose traction and lead to you losing control of your vehicle in unfavorable weather.